# Amazon_data_cds_and_vinyls

Testimonials left by customers and/or rating by stars after a purchase on sales platforms such as Amazon, Cdiscount, EBay are nowadays of great importance for these platforms since these reviews are not only used for marketing purposes but also serve as effective tools to reassure online shoppers. The use of online evaluations has therefore become second nature to consumers. Since 1996, Amazon has implemented its book review system, which has now become widespread and extended to all these products. The platform uses a rating system based on stars ranging from 1 to 5 stars or other acronyms and at coté́ the number of notices used to establish the calculation is displayed. The number of opinions acts as an audience metric and a signal of confidence: a large number of opinions ensures the credibility of the overall score, at the same time as it attests to the popularité́ of the product evaluated (Beauvisage et al., 2013). Customers in their search process want to find useful information as quickly as possible. However, searching and comparing text reviews can be frustrating for users, as they feel overwhelmed with information (Ganu et al., 2009). Indeed, the massive number of text-based notices at quantité́ and its unstructured text format prevent the user from choosing a product with ease. The automatic classification of texts has always been an important subject of research and application since the creation of digital documents. Today, the classification of texts is a necessity because of the very large amount of textual documents that we have to process on a daily basis.

The objective of this project is to predict the score from the review text for "CDs and vinyl" data from the Amazon database. In the same perspective, we will divide the data set into learning data and test data. To do this, we will use automatic learning techniques for classifier and analyze the opinion notes in text form. The implementation of models capable of predicting users' scores based on text revision is of great importance because obtaining an overall idea of a text review could in turn improve the consumer experience.

To do this work, we will move towards supervised automatic learning techniques such as text classification, which automatically classifies a document into a fixed set of classes after being trained on previous annotated data. For these techniques and given the nature of the variable to be predicted, we will consider two approaches. Binary classification and multi-class classification and we will compare the two methods later. In order to assess the relevance of the classifications we will perform, we will use three distinct classifiers that are highly recognized and applied as part of the automatic learning process: Naïve Bayes, Random Forest and Support Vector Machine (SVM). Using metrics such as accuracy, recall and f1-score, we will evaluate the performance of these classifiers.
